re issue#20 encourage use of detached payloads for proof formats (#28)
cose-wg/draft-ietf-cose-merkle-tree-proofs: draft-ietf-cose-merkle-tree-proofs.md

### Receipt of Inclusion

In a signed inclusion proof, the previous merkle tree root, maps to tree-size-1, and is a detached payload.

> In general, all specifications are encouraged to make proof payloads detached in this way where possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifications are encouraged to make payloads detached when possible.
```
